hello dear family imac spectators
fabian here today with an app test too
paddle
when paddle is a
new liquids pasler
new is however relatively for that
game already appeared among others
for the ps vita the view the pc the mac
the unia console or android now
ios players will also enjoy it
this really great physics
puzzle starting with which it concerns
different liquids through
awesome level construction to the level
to guide end
to the app store start offer the
Developer Paddles discounted for two
euro 69 at the normal price is 4
eur 49
your task is different now
liquids such as water or a coffee
Nitroglycerin through 48 levels to the target
to waver against
too much liquid should be on the
do not lose one to the end of the level
Liquid scale you can always in the
See the upper left corner of the screen
you have too much liquid on the way
you have to lose the level from the front
begin
the liquid controls the
as expected not directly but
by putting his fingers to the right and
left on the screen the level
The environment tends to be even better
alternative control over the new
sensors which you in the options
can activate
the liquids themselves behave
all a little different in terms of
friction of gravity and temperature
It can therefore happen quickly that she
the liquid loses on the way
level in paddle are totally crazy
Tubes are a true maze there is
countless curves vaporizer wrong
Branch fireplaces and small valleys
where liquids get stuck
can or can evaporate
My father is a really great guy
physik bussler the title convinces with
challenging levels original
ideas and it just keeps on going
fun to try the liquids too
check
In addition, the title is also graphically
very convincing and loving detail
Nobility is one of the most peaceful physics
puzzle new releases of the past
months that was it again from me if
I like what you see here, I am glad
me about an abo or one
Recommendation thank you for watching
and until the next video fabian
but also